Prefer attributes, deprecate annotations (#1651)
zircote/swagger-php: README.md

# swagger-php

Generate interactive [OpenAPI](https://www.openapis.org) documentation for your RESTful API using [PHP attributes](https://www.php.net/manual/en/language.attributes.overview.php) (preferred) or 
[doctrine annotations](https://www.doctrine-project.org/projects/annotations.html) (requires additional `doctrine/annotations` library).

See the [documentation website](https://zircote.github.io/swagger-php/guide/attributes.html) for supported attributes and annotations.

> Annotations, and support for PHP versions lower than 8.1 are deprecated and will be removed in a future release of swagger-php.

Reviewer: Not quite sure about this one, in particular referencing a specific PHP version.
There are already two mentions of 8.1 as the min. required PHP version for attributes, so this doesn't really add anything.

`may be removed` is strong enough here, seeing that annotations are still widely used, IMO. If this changes faster than expected we can still change it.

```suggestion
Annotations are deprecated and may be removed in a future release of swagger-php.
```

Author: Thank you, baked in

- Exceptional error reporting (with hints, context)
- As of PHP 8.1 all annotations are also available as PHP attributes

> 

Reviewer: oh, another nit: why these extra lines?

Author: ugggh prettier, that's why :-(

Author: did rebase squash should be fixed now
